# App
* * *

[](#attributes)Attributes
-------------------------

#### [](#-code-uid-code-string-)`uid` (String)

A string containing the unique identifier of the app. This is a unique identifier generated by Puter when the app is created.

#### [](#-code-name-code-string-)`name` (String)

A string containing the name of the app.

#### [](#-code-icon-code-string-)`icon` (String)

A string containing the Data URL of the icon of the app. This is a base64 encoded image.

#### [](#-code-description-code-string-)`description` (String)

A string containing the description of the app.

#### [](#-code-title-code-string-)`title` (String)

A string containing the title of the app.

#### [](#-code-maximize_on_start-code-boolean-default-code-false-code-)`maximize_on_start` (Boolean) (default: `false`)

A boolean value indicating whether the app should be maximized when it is started.

#### [](#-code-index_url-code-string-)`index_url` (String)

A string containing the URL of the index file of the app. This is the file that will be loaded when the app is started.

#### [](#-code-created_at-code-string-)`created_at` (String)

A string containing the date and time when the app was created. The format of the date and time is `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`.

#### [](#-code-background-code-boolean-default-code-false-code-)`background` (Boolean) (default: `false`)

A boolean value indicating whether the app should run in the background. If this is set to `true`.

#### [](#-code-filetype_associations-code-array-)`filetype_associations` (Array)

An array of strings containing the file types that the app can open. Each string should be in the format `".<extension>"` or `"mime/type"`. e.g. `[".txt", "image/png"]`. For a directory association, the string should be `.directory`.

#### [](#-code-open_count-code-number-)`open_count` (Number)

A number containing the number of times the app has been opened. If the `stats_period` option is set to a value other than `all`, this will be the number of times the app has been opened in that period.

#### [](#-code-user_count-code-number-)`user_count` (Number)

A number containing the number of users that have access to the app. If the `stats_period` option is set to a value other than `all`, this will be the number of users that have access to the app in that period.