# FSItem
* * *

An fsitem object represents a file or a directory in the file system of a Puter.

[](#attributes)Attributes
-------------------------

#### [](#-code-id-code-string-)`id` (String)

A string containing the unique identifier of the item. This is a unique identifier generated by Puter when the item is created.

#### [](#-code-uid-code-string-)`uid` (String)

This is an alias for `id`.

#### [](#-code-name-code-string-)`name` (String)

A string containing the name of the item.

#### [](#-code-path-code-string-)`path` (String)

A string containing the path of the item. This is the path of the item relative to the root directory of the file system.

#### [](#-code-is_dir-code-boolean-)`is_dir` (Boolean)

A boolean value indicating whether the item is a directory. If this is set to `true`, the item is a directory. If this is set to `false`, the item is a file.

#### [](#-code-parent_id-code-string-)`parent_id` (String)

A string containing the unique identifier of the parent directory of the item.

#### [](#-code-parent_uid-code-string-)`parent_uid` (String)

This is an alias for `parent_id`.

#### [](#-code-created-code-integer-)`created` (Integer)

An integer containing the Unix timestamp of the date and time when the item was created.

#### [](#-code-modified-code-integer-)`modified` (Integer)

An integer containing the Unix timestamp of the date and time when the item was last modified.

#### [](#-code-accessed-code-integer-)`accessed` (Integer)

An integer containing the Unix timestamp of the date and time when the item was last accessed.

#### [](#-code-size-code-integer-)`size` (Integer)

An integer containing the size of the item in bytes. If the item is a directory, this will be `null`.

#### [](#-code-writable-code-boolean-)`writable` (Boolean)

A boolean value indicating whether the item is writable. If this is set to `true`, the item is writable. If this is set to `false`, the item is not writable. If the item is a directory and `writable` is `false`, it means new items cannot be added to the directory; however, it is possible that subdirectories may be writable or contain writable files.